{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 @Wonder Mail;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red204\green204\blue204;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\i\f0\fs24\lang9 OG Statuses:\par
\b0\i0 Asleep\par
\tab The Pok\'e9mon falls asleep and stays asleep for 4-7 turns. This can be lowered by using items. During this state, \tab the Pok\'e9mon is unable to move, use items, use attacks, use spells, or do basically anything else. If the Pok\'e9mon \tab has a Chesto Berry, it will automatically used. Difficulty rules apply.\par
\b Sleepless\b0\par
\tab The Pok\'e9mon is unable to fall asleep. Eating a Chesto Berry will give this status.\par
Nightmare\par
\tab The Pok\'e9mon takes 3-6 damage for every turn they are asleep.\par
Yawning\par
\tab The Pok\'e9mon will fall asleep in 2 turns from being affected with this buff. Pok\'e9mon who have the Sleepless \tab debuff are immune.\par
\b Napping\par
\tab\b0 The Pok\'e9mon falls asleep for 4-7 turns with the same constraints as the Asleep status. However, when waking \tab up, the Pok\'e9mon is fully healed.\par
\par
\b\i Major Statuses:\b0\i0\par
Burned\par
\tab The Pok\'e9mon is burned from a fiery move. They take 3-6 damage every 6 turns. However, other weather \tab effects, will boost or decrease damage which are as follows:\par
\tab Sunny:\par
\tab\tab The time between burn ticks is reduced to every turn, but you only take 1 damage.\par
\tab Harsh Sunlight\par
\tab\tab The time between burn ticks is reduced to every turn, and you take 2 damage.\par
\tab Drought\par
\tab\tab The time between burn ticks is reduced to every turn, and you take 4 damage.\par
\tab Rain\par
\tab\tab The time between burn ticks is increased to 8 turns, and you take 1-3 damage.\par
\tab Harsh Rain\par
\tab\tab The time between burn ticks is increased to 10 turns, and you take 1-2 damage.\par
\tab Storm\par
\tab\tab The time between burn ticks is increased to 12 turns, and you take 1 damage.\par
Frozen\par
\tab The Pok\'e9mon is frozen solid. During this state, which lasts 3-8 turns, the Pok\'e9mon is unable to move, attack, \tab use items, or anything else really. However, during this state, Ice-type moves will do double damage. Fire type \tab moves will thaw out the Pok\'e9mon. All other attacks will do 0.3x damage. If the Pok\'e9mon has an Aspear Berry, it \tab will automatically be used. Difficulty rules apply.\par
Poisoned\par
\tab The Pok\'e9mon is infected with a life draining poison. The Pok\'e9mon will take 3-6 damage every 6 turns. Poison \tab Pok\'e9mon as their main typing are immune.\par
Badly Poisoned\par
\tab The Pok\'e9mon is infected with a major life draining poison. They will take 3-6 damage every turn. If a Pecha \tab Berry is used with this debuff active, then it will reduce it to normal Poison. Poison Pok\'e9mon are immune.\par
Paralyzed\par
\tab The Pok\'e9mon is paralyzed in place and cannot attack. Their Movement Speed is reduced and their Speed is halved. \tab However, items can still be used. Electric Pok\'e9mon have the duration of the debuff cut in half.\par
Flinching\par
Confused\par
\par
\b\i Mobility:\b0\i0\par
Quick\par
\tab The Pok\'e9mon's Movement Speed is doubled for 8-12 turns.\par
Nimble\par
\b\tab\b0 The Pok\'e9mon's Movement Speed is tripled for 8-12 turns.\par
Expeditious\par
\b\tab\b0 The Pok\'e9mon's Movement Speed is quadrupled for 8-12 turns.\par
Stuck\par
\tab The Pok\'e9mon is stuck in palce for 2-6 turns. While under the effect of this debuff, it just restricts movement. \tab Ghost-type Pok\'e9mon cannot become stuck.\par
Petrified\par
\tab The Pok\lang1033\'e9mon is petrified and stuck in place. They cannot attack, use items, or move. This debuff lasts until \tab another Pok\'e9mon effects them. However, after 50 turns, the Pok\'e9mon will be free.\lang9\par
Ingrain\par
\tab The Pok\'e9mon releases roots and ingrains itself into the ground. Every turn, they regain 5-20 HP, however, they \tab are unable to move. Lasts for 4 turns.\par
Wrap\par
\tab The Pok\'e9mon is unable to move, and is under the effect of it's attack. Self inflicted from using Wrap. Lasts for \tab the duration of the Wrapped Pok\'e9mon. If the Pok\'e9mon is warped or move away from it's wrapped Pok\'e9mon, both \tab is and the other status will end.\par
Wrapped\par
\tab The Pok\'e9mon is caught in the grip of another. While under this debuff, they take 6-8 damage, every 2 turns for \tab 4-6 turns. If the Pok\'e9mon is warped or move away from it's attacket, it will loose this debuff.\par
Constriction\par
\tab The Pok\'e9mon is caught in the grip of another. While under this debuff, they take 6-8 damage, every 2 turns for \tab 4-6 turns. If the Pok\'e9mon is warped or move away from it's attacket, it will loose this debuff.\par
Clamp\par
Whirlpool\par
Fire Spin\par
Sand Tomb\par
Infestation\par
Bound\par
Trapped\par
\tab The Pok\'e9mon is caught in the grip of another. While under this debuff, they take 6-8 damage, every 2 turns for \tab 4-6 turns. If the Pok\'e9mon is warped or move away from it's attacket, it will loose this debuff.\par
Magma Storm\par
\tab The Pok\'e9mon is caught in the grip of another. While under this debuff, they take 10-15 damage, every 2 turns \tab for 4-6 turns. If the Pok\'e9mon is warped or move away from it's attacket, it will loose this debuff.\par
Mobile\par
Slip\par
Magnet Rise\par
Telekinesis\par
Grounded\par
Infatuated\par
Paused\par
Cowering\par
Puppet\par
Whiffer\par
Muzzled\par
Truant\par
Taunted\par
Encore\par
Sealed\par
Decoy\par
Discord\par
\tab Will randomly teleport you in a 5 tile radius with a 35% chance to activate every turn.\par
Terrified\par
Snatch\par
Powder\par
Charging\par
Enraged\par
Round\par
Autotomize\par
Stockpiling\par
Rainbow\par
Sea of Fire\par
Swamp\par
Awakened\par
\tab The Pok\'e9mon gains immense god-like power. When this Pok\'e9mon is affected with this debuff, they are invincible. \tab They are immune to all damage and deal triple damage back (The damage buff is reduced to 1.25x in boss \tab fights). This effect lasts for 3 turns, after which the Pok\'e9mon gains the Berserk debuff.\par
Berserk\par
\tab As a result of incredible power, they attack in a random direction  or move in a random direction, and their \tab damage increased by 2 times. If they attack an ally, Confusion preventing abilities will fail and the damage will \tab go through. This lasts for 15 turns.\par
Trained\par
Bide\par
Solar Beam\par
Sky Attack\par
Razor Wind\par
Focus Punch\par
Skull Bash\tab\par
Flying\par
Bouncing\par
Diving\par
Digging\par
Phantom Force\par
Shadow Force\par
Ice Burn\par
Freeze Shock\par
Future Sight\par
Doom Desire\par
Sky Drop\par
Suspended\par
Explosion\par
Self-Destruct\par
Reflect\par
Light Screen\par
Safeguard\tab\par
Mist\par
Lucky Chant\par
Magic Coat\par
Protect\par
Quick Guard\par
Wide Guard\par
Mat Block\par
King's Shield\par
Crafty Shield\par
Counter\par
Mirror Coat\par
Metal Burst\par
Mini Counter\par
Enduring\par
Mirror Move\par
Vital Throw\par
Grudge\par
Healthy\par
Sure Shot\tab\par
Set Damage\par
Focus Energy\par
Encouraged\par
Electrify\par
Long Toss\par
Pierce\par
Embargo\par
Cursed\par
Leech Seed\par
Wish\par
Aqua Ring\par
Destiny Bond\par
Perish Song\par
Heal Block\par
Blinker\par
Cross-Eyed\par
Invisible\par
Eyedrops\par
Dropeye\par
Power Ears\par
Scanning\par
Identifying\par
Stair Spotter\par
Exposed\par
Miracle Eye\par
Gastro Acid\par
Substitute\par
Transformed\par
Conversion 2\par
Famished\par
Hungry Pal\par
\par
\b\i New Statuses:\par
\i0 Standard:\i\par
\b0\i0 Flaming\par
\tab You are set on fire, not a burn. You take the same damage as a burn just every turn. This includes all effects \tab from weather and type effects.\par
Inferno\par
Voidflames\par
\tab\cf1 You are consumed by the void. You take 2-5 damage every 45-60 frames and it lastes for 1-3 seconds. (OLD)\cf0\par
\tab You are consumed by the void. When you are attacked with this debuff active, you will gain void flames on your \tab body. These flames will consume your HP outside of the turn based nature of dungeons and battles. The more you \tab get hit, the more flames will build up and the faster your HP will drain. However, it will always drain in \tab incraments of 1 or 2 on Master. If the difficulty is Hard or \tab higher, a \tab Pok\'e9mon can faint because of this \tab debuff. Other difficulty changes follow:\par
\tab Hard: The amount of flames you get is muliplied by 1.5x.\par
\tab Expert: The amount of flames you get is doubled.\par
\tab Master: The amount of flames you gain is tripled. You will take 2 damage from these flames instead of 1.\par
\tab You are given this debuff by strong allies of the Darkness. The stronger the connection the higher the rate of \tab this debuff being given to you.\par
\tab You will also be given this debuff from wearing more than one piece of Voidshade armor.\par
Divine Burn\par
\tab You have been smited by the gods. This burn is so deadly as to break turn based damage. You take 2-5 damage \tab every 30 frames and it lasts for 2-5 seconds. You can faint from this debuff.\par
Sugar Rush\par
\tab Will boost Speed by 1.5x and attacks will never miss.\par
Frostburn\par
\tab Same effect as a burn, just the ice version.\par
Start Sleep\par
\tab Will stay sleeping until an enemy walks in range. The same as when an enemy is asleep from the start.\par
Incorporeal\par
\tab You have turned incorporeal. Physical attacks that you deal and recieve are nullified. You can still be spotted.\par
Water Walk\par
\tab You have gained the ability to walk on water.\par
Stasis\par
\tab The cells of your body cease to move. The Pok\'e9mon is stuck in place for 5 turns unable to do anything. This \tab status is the same as Petrified except will NOT go away when another Pok\'e9mon affects them. You cannot use \tab items.\par
Knowlegable\par
\tab It's now big brain time! Your Knowlege gains are boosted by 2x.\par
Puppeted\par
\tab You are under the complete control of the enemy. For the duration of the status, you are under the control of the \tab enemy and will do anything to assist them, such as attacking your allies, healing the enemy, or even fainting \tab yourself. This is an involuentary effect. Lasts 5-7 turns.\par
\par
\b Dungeon statuses:\b0\par
\b Scorched Lungs\par
\b0\tab Your lungs are burning. Your natural HP regeneration falls to 0.\par
\par
\b Accesory Statuses:\par
\b0\i Phoenix Charm:\i0\par
\b Rebirthed\par
\b0\tab You have risen from death. Boosts your damage by 3 times.\par
\b Phoenix Invincibility\par
\b0\tab You are invincible! For 10 turns, you are immune to all damage. After which you gain the Phoenix Resistance \tab buff.\par
\b Phoenix Resistance\par
\b0\tab You can the protection of the phoenix. You gain a 0.33x reduction to incoming damage.\par
Phoenix Tiredness\par
\tab\b Despite your divine rebirth, your soul is weak. You are unable to be rebirthed again\b0 . Lasts for \tab the rest of the dungeon.\f1\fs22\par
}
 